imagine a place nestled in Wisconsin's
Great North Woods a place of charm with
shades of days gone by imagine a place
with enough room for all your family and
friends beautiful waters sandy beaches
towering Pines imagine Pine Valley Lodge
Pine Valley Lodge is unique among the
many resorts of the North Woods located
just east of Rhinelander on the Moen
chain of five lakes encompassing nearly
1,200 acres of water Pine Valley is
nestled in a postcard perfect setting
the 25 acres of woodland setting creates
a haven to relax and enjoy your time
away from the workaday world our Valley
Lodge is the ideal rental for larger
groups with 8 bedrooms and 4 baths a
spacious great room for dining and
relaxing around the large field stone
fireplace and a kitchen large enough to
cook and feed the whole family there's
nothing else like it in the North Woods
there are six rustic lakeside cottages
with kitchenettes each just steps from
the water cabins range from one to three
bedrooms and are uniquely positioned for
breathtaking views of the lake our
hillside location features two and
three-bedroom cottages as well as our
five bedroom Norway house complete with
a large screen porch porch swing and
field stone fireplace Providence
recreation hall creates a setting for
fun during the evenings or rainy days or
anytime you're looking for pool foosball
video games ping pong card and board
games and so much more a full complement
to all the outdoor activities at Pine
Valley
Moen Lake is a Class A musky lake with
the chain having six miles of navigable
water connecting five lakes it's a
fisherman's dream home to muskie
northern pike walleye bass crappie and
pan fish our gently sloped sandy beach
is the perfect setting to build
sandcastles wade in the water float on a
raft swim or just sit back and read a
good book the lake itself is perfect for
watersports of all kinds including
boating tubing skiing canoeing and
kayaking all available right from the
lodge imagine your next vacation at Pine
Valley Lodge